The Internet of Things has a bit of reputation for being insecure.
Now part of the reason for this is because there's risks and
responsibilities that not every organization acknowledges before
they go into developing applications with IoT.
So I'm going to cover a few of these risks and responsibilities now.
One of the first risks that you will see is that you might
accidentally expose sensitive user data,
and you do need to be aware of that when you're working with IoT and
take steps to mitigate any risks related to user data.
You also need to keep in mind that you could be subject to
different regulatory fines if you do expose user data or do things
that you're not supposed to with other bits of information or the
technologies that you're using.
Furthermore,
your IoT devices themselves are often a pretty common target of attack and for
attackers trying to incorporate devices into their botnets,
IoT devices can be very common attack targets.
In addition to attack targets,
you also might have to face ongoing legal changes or
requirements when you're working with IoT.
This is because IoT is such a fresh industry,
there's many different countries and municipalities trying
to figure out how to actually regulate and legislate changes
around the Internet of Things.
And because these are changing so frequently,
you'll have to be aware of those as you continue to
develop your applications and your devices.
Now in addition to these risks,
there's also responsibilities that you have when you're working with IoT.
One of the first ones is medical privacy compliances,
and this kind of relates to potential regulatory fines.
If you're working in the medical industry,
then you have to keep track of all the different laws
that might regulate your IoT devices.
In addition to medical privacy compliance legislation like HIPPA,
there's also legislation like GDPR,
which mandates data privacy and standards around data privacy,
and this applies just as much to IoT as it does to any other applications.
Additionally, if you're in the United States,
you might be subject to different federal regulation,
such as the FTC or FCC rules that govern how different devices
use various frequencies and also how you use different devices
to collect and store information.
All of these different things might come into play depending on
the levels of hardware manufacturing and different things that
you're doing with these IoT devices.
Also,
you're going to have to keep in mind that IoT breaches might
result in some sort of reporting duty.
So if your company is doing something and maybe an
accident happens and some data is breached,
you may end up having to report that or bear some duty to let your
users know so they can take appropriate actions.
Now we're going to talk about how we can mitigate a lot of these risks
and really uphold these responsibilities later on.
But it's important to keep in mind that they do exist,
so you don't end up like some of the companies that
we'll talk about in just a second.
So let's take a look at two examples of some risks and responsibilities.
The first is an example of CloudPets, the second,
we'll be talking about the Mirai Botnet.
Now let's start with the story of CloudPets.
CloudPets sold internet-connected teddy bears.
Now, eventually they accidentally left 800,
000 user account credentials accessible.
Now, this was not necessarily something that was just related to IoT,
but it represented kind of a lack of security
mindedness in their entire organization.
But in addition to these credentials that they left accessible,
they also left millions of recorded messages from these
internet connected teddy bears accessible as well,
essentially little clips of audio that people could spy on
from these internet-connected devices.
And this was kind of the next step in horrible things that
could happen from being insecure with IoT.
Now the result of this was that CloudPets is now defunct
and no longer operates as a company.
But in addition to all of these things that happened when CloudPets was found
to be insecure in leaving those credentials accessible,
hackers also discovered that the teddy bears were hackable microphones.
Essentially you could go in and exploit the teddy bears to record
audio and send it back to the hacking user.
Now this meant that CloudPets not only acted as a pretty
bad custodian of the data that it stored,
but it also didn't take the time to properly secure the
devices that were in other people's homes.
And this becomes a really poignant example of some
responsibilities that were not met here.
Now we'll be trying to avoid situations just like this when
we're going through how to use AWS IoT.
But let's take a look at another story as well, the story of the Mirai Botnet.
Once upon a time, there was Mirai and Dyn.
Dyn is a DNS provider.
Mirai is a virus.
Now the Mirai virus was spread to many different IoT devices because
it was designed to scan for open IoT devices and then to try and
access them with a default username and password that were the
manufactured settings for those devices.
Now because many people did not configure their devices properly or
change the default passwords and login credentials,
Mirai was able to spread to many, many different IoT devices.
And with those IoT devices, a hacker used them to actually attack Dyn.
Now Dyn was a DNS provider for a large chunk of the internet,
and because of this,
when Dyn was attacked by millions of IoT devices at the same time,
users were not able to access popular websites that Dyn controlled the DNS for.
Websites like Twitter went down and users were unable to
actually access them from many locations.
So the lack of security within the Internet of Things is not
just a detrimental risk to your organization,
it's also a much larger scale risk of hackers exploiting this to
attack the internet infrastructure at large.
So hopefully this impresses the seriousness of some of the
security risks that we're talking about here.
And in future videos we'll be looking at how we can actually mitigate all of these risks and take security best practices using AWS IoT.